[#229] Add Github Actions Templates document (#280)
nimblehq/ios-templates: .github/wiki/Github-Actions.md

# Github Actions

> Use GitHub Actions template to start a new project with GitHub Actions as the CICD tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the GitHub Actions template to start a new project with GitHub Actions as the CI/CD tool.
```

Reviewer: @blyscuit I think you missed this one :D

|SSH_PRIVATE_KEY         |SSH key connected to a user with access to the match repo for check out the match repo.                                             |-   |✅              |✅                      |✅                                  |
|MATCH_PASS              |Fastlane Match Passphrase for decrypting a match repository.                                                                        |-   |✅              |✅                      |✅                                  |
|APPSTORE_CONNECT_API_KEY|App Store Connect API https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/app_store_connect_api_key/ for uploading build to TestFlight or App Store.|-   |-              |-                      |✅                                  |
|FIREBASE_TOKEN          |Firebase token https://firebase.google.com/docs/cli#cli-ci-systems for uploading build to Firebase Distributions and Analytics.     |-   |✅              |✅                      |✅ For uploading dSYM to Crashlytics|

## Installation

> 1. Following the setup instruction in `Readme.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Following the setup instruction in `README.md`.
```
